docs(architecture): update bloc-to-bloc communication docs (#3351)
felangel/bloc: docs/architecture.md

[do_not_do_this_at_home.dart](_snippets/architecture/do_not_do_this_at_home.dart.md ':include')

While the code above is error free (and even cleans up after itself), it has a bigger problem: it creates a dependency between two blocs.

Generally, sibling dependencies between two entities in the same architectural layer should be avoided at all costs, as it creates tight-coupling which is hard to maintain. Since blocs reside in the business logic architectural layer, no bloc should know about any other bloc.

![Application Architecture Layers](assets/architecture.png)

A bloc should only receive information through events and from injected repositories (i.e., repositories given to the bloc in its constructor).

If you're in a situation where a bloc needs to respond to another bloc, you have two other options. You can push the problem up a layer (into the presentation layer), or down a layer (into the domain layer).

#### Connecting Blocs through Presentation

You can use a `BlocListener` to listen to one bloc and add an event to another bloc whenever the first bloc changes.

[blocs_presentation.dart.md](_snippets/architecture/blocs_presentation.dart.md ':include')

> The code above prevents the `SecondBloc` from needing to know about the `FirstBloc`, encouraging loose-coupling. The [flutter_weather](flutter_weather_tutorial.md) application [uses this technique](https://github.com/felangel/bloc/blob/b4c8db938ad71a6b60d4a641ec357905095c3965/examples/flutter_weather/lib/weather/view/weather_page.dart#L38-L42) to change the app's theme based on the weather information that is received.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code above prevents `SecondBloc` from needing to know about `FirstBloc`, encouraging loose-coupling. The [flutter_weather](flutter_weather_tutorial.md) application [uses this technique](https://github.com/felangel/bloc/blob/b4c8db938ad71a6b60d4a641ec357905095c3965/examples/flutter_weather/lib/weather/view/weather_page.dart#L38-L42) to change the app's theme based on the weather information that is received.
```

> In some situations, you may not want to connect two blocs through presentation. Instead, it can often makes sense for two blocs to share the same source of data and update whenever the data changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some situations, you may not want to couple two blocs in the presentation layer. Instead, it can often makes sense for two blocs to share the same source of data and update whenever the data changes.
```
